Added CodeCarbon-based kWh tracking for training, devtest and evaluation (#35)
DCASE-REPO/DESED_task: recipes/dcase2022_task4_baseline/README.md

The dataset uses [FUSS][fuss_git], [FSD50K][FSD50K], [desed_soundbank][desed] and [desed_real][desed].

**Common issues:**

`FileNotFoundError: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: 'ffprobe'`

> it probably means you have to install ffmpeg on your machine.
> 
> you can solve it using `sudo apt install ffmpeg`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It probably means you have to install `ffmpeg` on your machine. 
A possible installation: `sudo apt install ffmpeg`
```

Reviewer 2: Agree with the comment from Nicolas, plus, this file is causing a conflict. In fact, the new read me file is a bit different. 
Moreover, this part is out of context here. In his particular part of the READ me file we are describing the dataset and the different data used in the set. I think this suggestion should go under the section **Requirements**.

For more information regarding the dataset, please refer to the [previous year DCASE Challenge website][dcase_20_dataset]. 

## Training
We provide **three** baselines for the task:
- SED baseline
- baseline using pre-trained embedding extractor DNN. 
- baseline using Audioset data (real-world strong-label data)

For now, only the SED baseline is available (the missing baselines will be published soon).

> ### How to run the Baseline Systems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How to run the Baseline systems
```

The **SED baseline** can be run from scratch using the following command:

`python train_sed.py`

Note that the default training config will use 1 GPU. 
Alternatively, we provide a [pre-trained checkpoint][zenodo_pretrained_models] along with tensorboard logs. The baseline can be tested on the development set of the dataset using the following command:

`python train_sed.py --test_from_checkpoint /path/to/downloaded.ckpt`

The tensorboard logs can be tested using the command `tensorboard --logdir="path/to/exp_folder"`.

## **(NEW!)** Energy Consumption

In this year DCASE Task 4 Challenge, we also use energy consumption (kWh)
via [CodeCarbon](https://github.com/mlco2/codecarbon) as an additional metric to rank the submitted systems.

> We encourage the participants to provide, for each submitted system (or at least the best one),
> using [CodeCarbon](https://github.com/mlco2/codecarbon), the following energy consumption figures in kWh:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We encourage the participants to provide, for each submitted system (or at least the best one), the following energy consumption figures in kWh using [CodeCarbon](https://github.com/mlco2/codecarbon):
```

1) whole system training
2) devtest inference
3) evaluation set inference

> You can refer to [Codecarbon](https://github.com/mlco2/codecarbon) on how to do this (super simple!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can refer to [Codecarbon](https://github.com/mlco2/codecarbon) on how to do this (super simple! 😉 )
```

or to this baseline code see `local/sed_trained.py` for some hints on 
how we are doing this for the baseline system.

**Important** 

> In addition to this, we kindly ask the participants to 
> run also, on the same hardware used for 2) and 3) 
> also energy consumption kWh for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to this, we kindly suggest the participants to
provide the energy consumption in kWh (using the same hardware used for 2) and 3)) of:
```

1) devtest inference for baseline system using: 

`python train_sed.py --test_from_checkpoint /path/to/downloaded.ckpt`
You can find the energy consumed in kWh in `./exp/2022_baseline/devtest_codecarbon/devtest_tot_kwh.txt`

2) evaluation set inference for baseline system using:
`python train_sed.py --eval_from_checkpoint /path/to/downloaded.ckpt`
You can find the energy consumed in kWh in `./exp/2022_baseline/evaluation_codecarbon/eval_tot_kwh.txt`

**Why we require this ?**

Energy consumption depends on hardware and each participant uses
different hardware. 

To obviate for this difference we use the baseline inference kWh energy consumption 

> as a common reference. Because of this is important that 
> inference energy consumption figures for both submitted system 
> and baseline are computed on same hardware under similar loading. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as a common reference. Because of this, it is important that the
inference energy consumption figures for both submitted system 
and baseline are computed on same hardware under similar loading. 
```

**Common issues:**

If training appears too slow, check with `top` and with `nvidia-smi` that you 
are effectively using a GPU and not the CPU. 
If running `python train_sed.py` uses by default the CPU you may have **pytorch** installed 
without CUDA support. 

Check with IPython by running this pytorch line `torch.rand((1)).cuda()` 
If you encounter an error install CUDA-enabled pytorch from https://pytorch.org/
Check again till you can run `torch.rand((1)).cuda()` successfully. 

#### Results:

Dataset | **PSDS-scenario1** | **PSDS-scenario2** | *Intersection-based F1* | *Collar-based F1* 
--------|--------------------|--------------------|-------------------------|-----------------

> Dev-test| **0.352**          | **0.559**          | 78.90%                  | 43.22%

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should discuss why we do have different results? 
Are you using the pre-model available on Zenodo in order to have these results or is a new training? Because we have different results showed here and in the website, plus the results currently reported on the GitHub, are the ones coming from the student model, using the pre-trained model available on Zenodo. We should agreed on which results report, so to don't be confused and don't confuse participants.
